A. Advocacy
No one should be discriminated upon regardless of physical capabilities and capacities. Person with disabilities must be exposed to social, educational, 
and physical conditions along with those who have none. When people with disabilities socialize with their peers who do not have disabilities, good things happen. 
The advocacy involves PWDS engaging in worthwhile activities with peers without disabilities. Once a month, the group conducts activities that will address the social, 
physical and educational needs by PWDS in the community. 

B. Benefits that can be achieved from inclusion
1. It can make the vision of PWDS to be accepted by their peers a reality.
2. Enables PWDS to develop a possible understanding of themselves and others. 
3. Development of friendship
4. PWDS can learn important skills. 
5. Togetherness enable PWDS and non PWDs learn by doing together in a nurturing environment. 
C. Activities
1. Informal learning activities like ‘Storytelling in the street’.
2. Skills training like making decors from recycled materials, soap-making, scented candle making, dried-flower arrangement. 
3. Sports and physical activities like weekend zumba classes. 

Why inclusion? - PWDs suffer from exclusion on their own communities. Most often people discriminate them and treat them like a less - person being and we want to 
end that mentality in our society. We advocate inclusion in every community and we want to start it on the smallest political unit which is a barangay. 

How - provide information about the benefits and privileges of PWDs - we want to provide information on how people without disabilities can help them. 
Educate people without didabilities that PWDs are also human and they deserve mutual respect - Also with the help of local government, we hope that we can 
achieve inclusion in each community. Local government will provide services which are focused on PWDs and advocate local goverments to push/create ordinances 
that will benefit PWDs Activities - Teach the community on how to communicate with them especially on mute/deaf pwds. Teaching people on how to use sign language 
will surely benefit them - Gumawa ng kunwari fun run for a cause or events na pwede din dilang sumali tapos mapupunta yung perang kinita dun para sa mga pwds para 
pwedeng pang simula nila sa business kunwari sari sari store ganun hahaha 

Objectives 
• Removing hindrances by expanding access to circumstances for people with inclusion. 
• Inclusion should have a long-term care program to encourage and support individual. 
• Inclusions should have free or zero tuition fee for education purposes. 
• Inclusions have an equal access to places, activities and services. 
• Inclusions promoting not only the education but also communication and collaboration. 
• Challenge hindrances to measure up to circumstance and self-governance. 
• Maximize effective business results through instruction and supporting for people qualified for vocation programs. 
• Inclusions have increase public communication through distribution of relevant resource material. 